The Last Mountain
Design Document
By Siddharth Senthil for High Seas Jam

"Fly, you fools!"

Summary
    Game Pitch:
    The Last Mountain is a time based 2D combat game revolving around a total of ten days and ten nights of combat against a fearful enemy.

    Insipration:
    Lord Of The Rings
        Gandalf's battle with the Balrog was a primary inspiration for the game's concept.
    Noita
        Noita is a game with similar player mechanics, especially around the magic portion. Noita's art stile was also an inspiration.
    
    Player Experience:
    The player must battle and chase the enemy for 8 in game days and nights, culminating in a final battle of 2 in game days and nights at the peak of the Last Mountain.
    They must strategically use their resources to push the Enemy to its limits and put pressure on it.

    Platform:
    The game is developed to be released on Windows and itch.io

    Development Software:
    Godot v4.3 and Visual Studio Code for programming
    Libresprite for pixel art
    Garageband for music and SFX

Gameplay Overview:
    The player controls the Grey Wizard, managing magic and energy from his weak state at the start of the game. By pressuring the Enemy, the player continues to gain
    an advantage throughout the game and defeating it.

Theme Interpretation (Magic):
    The player has magic capabilities, and must use them strategically to reach their goal.

Mechanics
    Main and Progression:
        Jump (Up)
            2x Jump

        Move left (Left)
            Dash (L Shift)

        Move right (Right)
            Dash (L Shift)

        Attack melee (Z)

        Healing (A)
            Shield of the Wizards           <- Transparent dome shield for 10s

x       x       x       x       x       x      x       x       x       x       x    
 
            Lightning Strike (X)            <- Summon a lightning bolt
                Sword of Power              <- Channel lightning through sword to increase melee power and range
            
            Blinding Light (C)              <- Strike with a blast of light rendering the enemy immobilized for 5s
                Light of the Gods           <- Cast a ray of light at the opponent, setting the enemy ablaze

            Counter-Spell (S)               <- Counter some magical spells to negate their effects
                Destructive Blast           <- Raises his staff and slams it down to create a shock wave     
